Are there more big green things than large purple shiny cubes?
How many other things are there of the same shape as the tiny cyan matte object?
Is the color of the large sphere the same as the large matte cube?
What material is the big object that is right of the brown cylinder and left of the large brown sphere?
How big is the brown shiny sphere?
How many gray matte things are on the right side of the small rubber cube behind the large brown thing left of the cyan thing?
What is the shape of the brown thing to the right of the large brown metallic thing that is on the left side of the brown sphere?
The brown object that is the same shape as the green shiny thing is what size?
Are there any other things that have the same size as the brown shiny sphere?
What color is the tiny matte block left of the blue block?
How many gray rubber cubes are the same size as the yellow block?
There is a rubber thing that is the same color as the cylinder; what shape is it?
Are there any tiny green rubber things that have the same shape as the large blue matte thing?
The matte ball that is the same size as the gray rubber object is what color?
There is a small matte block that is on the left side of the large rubber thing that is left of the gray ball; what is its color?
There is a small metallic thing in front of the gray metallic thing; does it have the same color as the big rubber sphere?
There is a gray object that is in front of the rubber cube behind the metallic ball behind the small brown thing; what shape is it?
What number of red spheres are behind the shiny object that is on the left side of the tiny matte cylinder?
Is the small gray object made of the same material as the big cube?
There is a yellow thing behind the small metal object right of the gray metal sphere; what number of tiny matte cylinders are in front of it?
There is a small object; is it the same color as the object in front of the gray shiny thing?
There is a thing that is both to the right of the big rubber cube and left of the small gray ball; what color is it?
There is a small gray metal ball; how many gray balls are on the right side of it?
What number of things are large yellow metallic balls or metallic things that are in front of the gray metallic sphere?
There is a metal object in front of the gray metal object; are there any big blue rubber blocks in front of it?
What color is the metallic thing behind the big metal object?
Are there the same number of blue rubber cubes on the left side of the large blue thing and tiny green matte cylinders?
What is the shape of the object that is both behind the large metallic thing and left of the gray metallic sphere?
The other object that is the same shape as the large metal thing is what color?
Are there any other things of the same color as the big rubber block?
What material is the tiny cube that is to the right of the blue thing?
What number of purple objects are the same shape as the gray thing?
What is the material of the small thing to the left of the small purple block in front of the small cyan rubber cube?
Are there any large cyan spheres made of the same material as the large green sphere?
What is the shape of the tiny cyan matte thing?
How many brown shiny objects are there?
There is a small cube on the right side of the tiny blue thing that is behind the tiny cyan matte thing; what is its color?
There is a metallic block that is the same size as the cyan rubber cube; what color is it?
Are any tiny purple rubber balls visible?
There is a cyan metal thing behind the cyan metal ball; what shape is it?
What number of objects are both to the left of the purple matte cube and right of the small purple metal sphere?
Does the shiny object in front of the purple matte block have the same size as the small metallic cylinder?
Is there another tiny sphere that has the same color as the ball?
The purple ball that is the same material as the tiny cyan cylinder is what size?
Is the number of cyan things in front of the purple matte cube greater than the number of metal cylinders left of the small metal sphere?
How many other things are there of the same material as the ball?
Is the thing behind the rubber thing made of the same material as the cube?
The purple rubber thing has what shape?
Is the number of small cylinders that are left of the tiny shiny ball greater than the number of red metal balls?
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the cyan thing?
The small object to the left of the large matte object that is to the right of the big gray object is what shape?
There is a yellow object on the right side of the large yellow rubber cube; is its shape the same as the large gray metal object?
There is a rubber thing that is in front of the purple object; what color is it?
How many blocks are red metal things or big green metal things?
What size is the rubber cube that is right of the big thing behind the small red metal object?
There is a big yellow matte thing; how many rubber cubes are right of it?
Are there fewer small cubes than blue matte balls?
How big is the thing that is on the right side of the purple object and left of the yellow matte sphere?
Is the number of brown rubber cylinders that are on the right side of the tiny cyan ball less than the number of small cyan matte objects?
What shape is the large gray object that is made of the same material as the tiny red cube?
How many other objects are the same material as the blue object?
Is the size of the green cube the same as the matte sphere that is in front of the green thing?
The tiny cube has what color?
There is a big metallic object behind the shiny object in front of the shiny object that is left of the cyan thing; what is its shape?
There is a cylinder that is right of the cylinder that is behind the large metal cylinder; what is it made of?
There is a yellow thing that is the same material as the cyan cylinder; what shape is it?
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the yellow metallic object?
What number of rubber cubes are to the left of the metal ball?
Is there a big matte ball?
What color is the large ball that is left of the large rubber thing that is in front of the sphere that is in front of the big yellow metallic sphere?
Is the material of the green object the same as the small block that is on the right side of the green metallic thing?
What number of objects are metallic cubes that are in front of the blue matte cube or tiny things in front of the big yellow object?
What number of other things are there of the same color as the small sphere?
Are there more green metal cubes on the right side of the tiny blue matte cube than big things in front of the large yellow object?
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the rubber cube?
How many blocks are tiny blue objects or big purple metallic objects?
How many objects are either large purple objects that are on the left side of the blue sphere or tiny metal cylinders?
There is a large purple metallic thing that is on the right side of the small thing behind the purple shiny object that is right of the tiny shiny thing; what is its shape?
What number of blue matte things are the same shape as the small green object?
Are the small sphere and the green block made of the same material?
There is another small green thing that is the same shape as the green matte thing; what is it made of?
How many big green shiny blocks are there?
There is a small matte object that is in front of the small brown sphere; what shape is it?
There is a matte sphere that is behind the ball that is in front of the rubber thing right of the small green matte object; what color is it?
The green thing that is the same material as the small brown ball is what shape?
Are there fewer matte cubes than large green shiny cubes?
Is the material of the yellow thing the same as the small brown object?
What number of other things are there of the same color as the cylinder?
Are there more small green rubber objects than big brown metallic cylinders?
There is a yellow object; is it the same size as the rubber object behind the yellow shiny thing?
Is there anything else that has the same material as the tiny yellow object?
What is the material of the small cylinder that is the same color as the matte cube?
There is another tiny matte object that is the same shape as the tiny gray object; what color is it?
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the large gray object?
There is a tiny object behind the yellow cylinder; is its shape the same as the gray object on the left side of the small cyan object?
There is a gray matte cylinder; is its size the same as the rubber sphere that is behind the small cyan cylinder?
Is the number of small red rubber blocks greater than the number of yellow shiny cylinders?
Do the tiny cylinder that is in front of the gray matte block and the small cylinder to the left of the gray rubber cylinder have the same material?
What is the large gray block made of?
Are there more rubber objects behind the gray matte cube than cyan shiny blocks?
There is a small matte cylinder; is it the same color as the tiny shiny cube that is behind the large red metallic ball?
Are there any green metal objects of the same shape as the small red object?
How many objects are either small green matte cylinders or small shiny objects to the right of the green matte thing?
What number of other things are the same material as the red cube?
How many things are rubber balls or big red shiny things?
Are there more large cyan things that are in front of the small green rubber object than yellow matte blocks that are behind the large yellow cube?
There is a big metal thing that is on the right side of the tiny red shiny cylinder; is it the same color as the tiny metallic cylinder that is in front of the small green shiny cylinder?
How big is the cylinder that is in front of the green metal object left of the tiny shiny thing that is in front of the big red metal ball?
What is the color of the other small metal thing that is the same shape as the small red thing?
Is the number of cylinders in front of the big cyan thing greater than the number of small red spheres?
How many other things are the same color as the small shiny cylinder?
What material is the big purple cylinder?
Does the object on the right side of the cyan block have the same size as the small purple cylinder?
The other shiny object that is the same shape as the blue object is what size?
Is the number of large metal cylinders that are left of the tiny cyan block the same as the number of purple matte objects that are in front of the brown rubber cylinder?
What size is the metal cylinder behind the large blue thing?
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the cyan shiny object?
What is the material of the other cylinder that is the same color as the tiny cylinder?
Are there an equal number of green things that are to the right of the small purple metal object and big brown things?
There is a tiny cyan block; are there any big brown objects to the left of it?
There is a small metal cylinder in front of the green shiny object; is it the same color as the thing to the right of the green matte cylinder?
Are there any other things that have the same size as the cyan metallic cylinder?
Are there any small yellow spheres in front of the brown thing?
How many other tiny metal objects have the same shape as the brown thing?
The cylinder that is on the right side of the tiny shiny cylinder in front of the tiny green cylinder left of the small green rubber thing is what color?
Does the cylinder on the left side of the cyan metal cylinder have the same material as the cyan object in front of the cube?
What number of things are either matte things that are right of the tiny blue shiny cylinder or big gray rubber spheres?
What number of things are either big blue spheres or tiny rubber things behind the brown matte cube?
How many yellow things have the same size as the green metal cylinder?
Is the number of small blue cylinders to the left of the large cyan cylinder less than the number of matte cylinders that are left of the tiny blue cylinder?
There is a rubber cylinder that is behind the tiny blue matte block; what color is it?
What number of blue things are either tiny matte blocks or large rubber objects?
What is the color of the large rubber cylinder?
Is there anything else that has the same material as the sphere?
Are there fewer large red metallic cylinders on the left side of the small gray rubber thing than metallic cylinders behind the large blue cylinder?
The tiny object that is right of the large brown cylinder and left of the yellow thing has what shape?
What number of other small brown things have the same shape as the tiny brown thing?
The sphere that is made of the same material as the red object is what size?
What number of purple metal cubes have the same size as the yellow metal thing?
What size is the thing that is the same color as the big rubber cylinder?
The small red thing that is made of the same material as the tiny blue sphere is what shape?
Are there more small blue spheres than tiny green things?
Does the small ball left of the small red rubber cube have the same color as the rubber sphere that is behind the blue ball?
Does the green sphere that is behind the small shiny thing have the same material as the tiny object that is in front of the small green shiny ball?
What number of other red matte cubes have the same size as the cube?
Are there fewer tiny balls than big green shiny spheres?
There is a rubber thing behind the tiny matte sphere behind the tiny green shiny object; what is its shape?
There is a green rubber object that is the same size as the red rubber cube; what shape is it?
Is there a small blue rubber object of the same shape as the green rubber thing?
There is a red matte cube; are there any small red blocks right of it?
What is the material of the brown cylinder that is the same size as the block?
What shape is the yellow object that is the same size as the rubber block?
There is a metal object that is to the right of the yellow thing; is its shape the same as the large rubber thing to the left of the rubber block?
Is the sphere behind the brown shiny ball made of the same material as the yellow sphere?
Is the number of brown rubber objects to the left of the purple cube greater than the number of brown matte cylinders in front of the cylinder?
How many things are either things to the right of the big rubber cube or brown metallic spheres?
What shape is the large thing that is made of the same material as the large yellow sphere?
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the large purple thing?
There is a object that is both right of the yellow sphere and on the left side of the large rubber block; what is its color?
How many cylinders are either purple rubber objects or large yellow objects?
Is there a small purple cylinder that has the same material as the yellow cylinder?
Is the number of tiny gray shiny things greater than the number of metal things?
Does the cyan cylinder have the same material as the tiny gray cylinder?
What number of rubber objects are tiny things or cyan cylinders?
The matte thing that is the same size as the gray cylinder is what color?
How many big things have the same shape as the tiny rubber thing?
How many spheres are big shiny objects or small gray things?
Do the object left of the yellow object and the metal thing in front of the tiny gray metal object have the same shape?
What is the small yellow thing made of?
What number of yellow things are the same size as the gray object?
What number of cyan objects have the same size as the yellow object?
Is there a tiny brown shiny object?
Is there anything else of the same color as the big cylinder?
There is a tiny brown object that is made of the same material as the purple sphere; what is its shape?
What is the color of the small ball behind the large metal cube that is on the left side of the object that is in front of the large cyan rubber ball?
Is the number of big gray objects that are in front of the small brown metallic object the same as the number of gray blocks?
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the large cylinder?
There is a matte cube; is its color the same as the large block left of the brown metallic cube?
Are there any metallic cubes that are on the right side of the brown shiny thing that is behind the small metallic sphere to the right of the big cyan matte thing?
Are there fewer big cubes that are behind the tiny purple metal ball than blue objects?
Are there more metal things than small green blocks?
What number of things are either big things behind the purple metal thing or green matte balls?
Does the large sphere have the same material as the cylinder?
Do the large metal thing that is to the left of the cylinder and the large object in front of the small green object have the same shape?
Is the size of the shiny cylinder the same as the thing behind the cube?
What number of other objects are there of the same material as the big purple thing?
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the big purple shiny thing?
What is the color of the thing right of the big object to the left of the metallic thing in front of the green block?
What shape is the metallic thing that is both in front of the blue sphere and to the right of the small block?
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the purple thing?
Are there more big yellow objects behind the rubber object than things right of the small yellow metal block?
There is a cube that is behind the big sphere; what is its color?
There is a tiny red metallic object that is behind the tiny red metallic sphere; is it the same shape as the tiny red metallic thing that is in front of the large red object?
Is there a red matte block of the same size as the red metal ball?
There is a large object that is behind the small red cylinder; what is its material?
Is the cylinder to the left of the large matte object made of the same material as the small yellow object?
Are there any small yellow shiny cylinders?
There is a large cube that is the same material as the large sphere; what color is it?
What color is the big cube that is in front of the tiny red thing that is behind the shiny ball to the right of the tiny yellow block?
Is the size of the red metal ball the same as the red shiny cylinder to the left of the big cyan metallic block?
What color is the metallic cylinder that is on the left side of the blue thing right of the tiny cylinder that is in front of the small gray object?
There is a large thing on the right side of the blue shiny sphere; is its shape the same as the cyan object?
What is the small gray ball made of?
There is a blue object in front of the big object that is right of the blue object on the left side of the tiny sphere; what is its shape?
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the big blue shiny thing?
There is a rubber sphere; is it the same color as the shiny cylinder that is on the left side of the yellow thing?
How many small gray metallic cylinders are there?
What number of objects are either tiny yellow shiny blocks or tiny metal blocks?
There is a metallic cube that is the same color as the big shiny ball; what is its size?
Are there any blue objects behind the brown metallic cylinder?
Does the matte thing have the same size as the green object?
What is the shape of the thing that is the same color as the small ball?
Is there a object of the same color as the sphere?
What size is the matte cube that is the same color as the metal sphere?
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the blue metal thing?
What is the size of the blue block?
What number of objects are either small things or blue objects?
There is a block that is right of the tiny green cube; what size is it?
Are there any other things that are the same size as the rubber object?
What color is the object that is both in front of the tiny blue sphere and to the right of the green metallic thing?
Is there a tiny blue thing that has the same material as the blue block?
There is a small rubber ball to the right of the gray cylinder to the left of the big matte cube; is there a cylinder that is on the right side of it?
How many other things are there of the same shape as the blue rubber thing?
What is the color of the tiny metal thing that is behind the cylinder that is in front of the big gray object on the left side of the tiny blue shiny thing?
What number of big gray shiny things are there?
How many small objects are cylinders or red blocks?
There is a blue object that is the same size as the cyan sphere; what is its shape?
There is a gray thing that is to the right of the big matte object that is left of the gray rubber object; what is it made of?
Does the gray matte thing have the same size as the blue rubber object?
How many objects are small shiny balls to the left of the rubber ball or big red matte cubes?
Is the number of cubes greater than the number of small blue metallic blocks?
What color is the tiny shiny cylinder?
There is a tiny cylinder that is on the left side of the small purple rubber cylinder; is it the same color as the tiny rubber cylinder?
There is a tiny cylinder that is the same color as the block; what material is it?
What number of other small metal cylinders have the same color as the metal cylinder?
There is a tiny purple thing that is in front of the small shiny cylinder; is it the same shape as the small blue metallic object?
Is the number of purple rubber cylinders that are behind the blue object less than the number of small cylinders behind the block?
There is a purple thing left of the small purple matte block; what is its material?
There is a block that is the same color as the rubber cylinder; what is its size?
Are there any purple matte objects of the same size as the rubber cylinder?
The red shiny object that is the same shape as the small blue object is what size?
What shape is the small shiny object that is on the right side of the large rubber object that is behind the small blue shiny cube?
What is the size of the blue metallic cube?
What is the shape of the tiny blue shiny thing?
Does the large red matte object have the same shape as the small thing right of the tiny metallic cube?
There is a big rubber object that is behind the large purple rubber cylinder; does it have the same shape as the red rubber thing?
What number of objects are to the right of the red block and on the left side of the red block?
What number of other things are there of the same size as the yellow object?
Is the number of yellow rubber objects that are on the right side of the metal cylinder the same as the number of blue shiny objects?
Does the metallic cube behind the red metallic block have the same color as the rubber cylinder in front of the yellow rubber cylinder?
How many metallic objects are either blocks or small blue balls?
Are there any other tiny spheres made of the same material as the blue ball?
What is the green cylinder made of?
The tiny red object that is in front of the small shiny thing right of the small block behind the big green thing is what shape?
Are there more small cyan cubes that are right of the blue matte object than big brown matte cubes?
There is a red shiny object; is its shape the same as the metal object in front of the small red shiny object?
What shape is the tiny matte thing that is the same color as the tiny cylinder?
There is a tiny red object to the left of the cylinder to the right of the tiny cyan object; how many blocks are on the left side of it?
What is the color of the cylinder that is the same size as the cyan thing?
There is a cylinder that is to the left of the red thing in front of the green metal thing; how big is it?
Does the shiny cylinder have the same size as the purple object behind the small cyan shiny thing?
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the cyan object?
There is a yellow metallic ball that is in front of the big blue object; is it the same size as the yellow metallic thing behind the blue metallic cylinder?
What number of big things are metallic balls or cyan rubber cubes?
How many things are both to the right of the cylinder and on the left side of the tiny shiny ball?
Is the purple sphere made of the same material as the sphere in front of the small purple ball?
How many cyan objects are cubes or shiny things?
Are there any other red shiny cylinders of the same size as the metallic cylinder?
What is the material of the blue cylinder on the left side of the large yellow ball that is in front of the large object that is behind the big blue metal cylinder?
Are there an equal number of tiny cyan things that are on the left side of the tiny purple metallic thing and small purple shiny things?
What is the red block made of?
There is a purple matte object that is the same shape as the large brown object; what is its size?
What number of other objects are the same material as the gray thing?
Are there the same number of big gray spheres to the left of the red cube and tiny cubes?
There is a shiny thing in front of the brown shiny object; is its size the same as the tiny shiny sphere?
There is a matte block; how many small matte cylinders are behind it?
There is a blue thing that is both to the right of the tiny metal sphere and in front of the blue ball; what is its material?
What number of big things are either yellow metal cylinders or gray metal things?
How big is the yellow sphere?
The large gray object is what shape?
Are there any metallic things right of the large metal object?
Are there the same number of cyan metallic things on the left side of the small rubber thing and cylinders?
What is the size of the other cyan object that is the same shape as the large cyan metallic object?
There is a small cyan object; is its shape the same as the purple matte object to the left of the blue rubber sphere?
There is a purple rubber object that is left of the sphere that is in front of the brown thing; how big is it?
Are there an equal number of shiny things left of the yellow metal thing and cyan balls in front of the large cyan metallic ball?
There is another large object that is the same shape as the large yellow matte thing; what color is it?
What number of shiny balls are the same color as the big metallic object?
There is a large blue matte object in front of the tiny rubber ball; is its shape the same as the small cyan metallic thing?
What shape is the shiny thing behind the big thing on the right side of the tiny shiny ball that is in front of the big cyan shiny thing?
What is the size of the object that is behind the yellow object?
The large metallic object is what shape?
Do the metal thing that is behind the cyan thing and the matte object behind the tiny matte cube have the same size?
What is the size of the metal sphere that is right of the small purple rubber object in front of the purple rubber ball that is behind the red thing?
The thing that is left of the tiny object that is behind the rubber thing that is on the left side of the matte cylinder is what shape?
There is a object behind the cube; what is its shape?
Do the big object and the object that is behind the tiny yellow block have the same material?
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the yellow matte object?
Does the tiny metallic thing have the same color as the matte thing in front of the red object?
There is a thing that is on the left side of the tiny rubber object that is behind the tiny cube; what shape is it?
What material is the big block that is to the left of the big gray rubber block in front of the cyan metallic object to the left of the yellow rubber cylinder?
What is the size of the cube that is both behind the yellow rubber sphere and in front of the small red rubber object?
Do the small metal thing and the small yellow matte thing have the same shape?
There is a red thing that is the same material as the big cyan block; what is its shape?
What number of big objects are either red things or yellow cylinders?
There is a small cylinder that is left of the yellow matte cylinder; are there any cyan cubes on the right side of it?
Is there a tiny brown cylinder?
The ball to the right of the gray cube that is behind the big yellow rubber sphere is what color?
There is another large object that is the same shape as the big cyan metallic thing; what material is it?
How many cylinders have the same size as the sphere?
There is a tiny rubber thing that is the same color as the large metal object; what shape is it?
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the large metal sphere?
Is the color of the small metallic object the same as the tiny matte block that is in front of the small gray rubber block?
What shape is the small purple thing?
How many matte things are the same color as the ball?
There is a metallic object that is the same shape as the small purple rubber thing; what is its color?
How many large gray metallic spheres are to the left of the object that is in front of the tiny matte cylinder?
What number of cubes are either cyan metallic things or big gray metal objects?
Is there a big blue rubber cylinder?
There is a green rubber object that is the same shape as the blue object; what size is it?
Is there a large blue rubber thing that has the same shape as the small cyan thing?
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the tiny gray metallic thing?
What is the shape of the big object that is both on the right side of the small matte ball and behind the big purple matte thing?
How big is the block that is left of the large purple matte object?
Do the green object and the gray shiny cube have the same size?
Is the number of cubes behind the small cyan object less than the number of tiny metal objects that are left of the blue matte cube?
What is the size of the matte thing that is both on the left side of the tiny cyan shiny cube and in front of the gray metal cube?
There is a rubber cylinder that is in front of the cylinder behind the green thing; is there a blue object that is left of it?
Are any tiny brown cylinders visible?
Is the number of big rubber cylinders that are in front of the yellow cylinder greater than the number of small gray metallic things in front of the cyan cube?
There is a small matte object in front of the small metal object; what is its shape?
How many blue objects are either large objects or tiny things?
There is another tiny thing that is the same material as the gray object; what is its color?
There is a large shiny block; is it the same color as the small rubber block that is in front of the large block?
There is a object that is behind the yellow shiny cube and left of the tiny purple shiny object; what is its color?
There is a large yellow metal cube; what number of tiny objects are in front of it?
What number of things are purple blocks or cubes left of the tiny gray rubber cube?
There is a small gray rubber thing that is on the right side of the large thing; is there a small gray thing that is on the right side of it?
There is a object in front of the large yellow shiny object; what is its color?
Are there an equal number of large metallic objects behind the big shiny object and large metal cubes?
There is a blue matte thing that is the same shape as the yellow thing; what size is it?
What number of small objects have the same material as the small cyan cube?
Is the material of the gray object in front of the yellow ball the same as the small purple sphere?
Is the number of cyan cubes that are in front of the large yellow object the same as the number of tiny red cubes?
The green thing is what size?
How many spheres are the same color as the big cylinder?
Do the purple rubber sphere and the cyan thing have the same size?
There is a gray thing behind the small metallic object in front of the purple rubber thing; how big is it?
Are there any blue balls of the same size as the yellow thing?
What is the size of the gray ball that is behind the blue sphere?
Is there a object of the same color as the metal cube?
What is the size of the shiny cylinder that is the same color as the large block?
There is a gray metallic cylinder; is its size the same as the sphere that is left of the big matte sphere?
What number of other things are the same color as the small ball?
There is a big yellow rubber sphere; are there any large purple cylinders right of it?
How many objects are either tiny green metallic cubes or large gray metallic objects that are right of the large purple cylinder?
Are there any large objects that are in front of the cylinder behind the tiny sphere?
What shape is the thing behind the large object to the right of the large cube on the right side of the tiny green rubber thing?
What color is the object that is both right of the small rubber ball and in front of the gray cylinder?
The large gray metallic object that is right of the big purple thing has what shape?
There is a green shiny sphere; does it have the same size as the shiny object to the right of the tiny green shiny ball?
Is there a object that has the same color as the large metal cylinder?
What size is the other cylinder that is made of the same material as the small brown cylinder?
Is the big red thing made of the same material as the tiny cylinder?
There is a large matte object to the left of the green metallic object that is behind the metal sphere in front of the big blue ball; what is its color?
What is the shape of the big brown object?
Do the small sphere and the cylinder on the left side of the big brown rubber cylinder have the same color?
Are there an equal number of big green metal cylinders that are behind the green metallic cylinder and tiny things?
How many other matte things are the same size as the blue object?
There is a big object that is the same color as the small ball; what is its shape?
What number of objects are matte cylinders that are to the left of the tiny red rubber cylinder or tiny objects that are in front of the red cylinder?
How many things are large blue things or large rubber cylinders that are in front of the red matte object?
How big is the thing that is on the left side of the cylinder that is in front of the cylinder to the right of the metallic cube?
What is the material of the purple object that is the same size as the blue matte sphere?
Is there another green matte thing that has the same size as the green thing?
There is a object that is behind the blue object; does it have the same size as the green cylinder?
What is the shape of the big thing that is in front of the big purple matte cylinder and behind the green matte cylinder?
Is the number of red matte things that are in front of the small cube greater than the number of big yellow matte cubes?
There is a red thing that is made of the same material as the big green cylinder; what is its size?
What number of shiny blocks are the same color as the metal object?
Is there any other thing of the same color as the cube?
There is a large yellow thing that is the same shape as the blue rubber thing; what material is it?
There is a ball that is right of the large matte thing in front of the large cube; what color is it?
There is a red object that is made of the same material as the tiny red ball; what size is it?
How many small things have the same shape as the big red rubber object?
What number of things are big rubber balls that are behind the blue matte thing or large things behind the big gray cube?
How many yellow matte balls are in front of the matte sphere that is in front of the big block?
Do the large rubber object in front of the large gray rubber object and the matte thing to the right of the big gray rubber object have the same shape?
What is the shape of the big rubber object that is the same color as the small ball?
Are there any large blue balls that have the same material as the small thing?
What size is the other metal object that is the same shape as the big yellow object?
Do the red thing that is in front of the tiny red thing and the purple object right of the big red shiny sphere have the same material?
Is the number of purple metal objects behind the small green rubber sphere less than the number of gray matte cylinders?
How many red shiny spheres are behind the rubber ball right of the small red block?
What is the size of the metal object that is both in front of the big matte thing and behind the small metallic cylinder?
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the tiny purple ball?
Does the small gray cube have the same material as the large yellow cylinder that is right of the small purple rubber sphere?
Is the number of large yellow rubber objects on the left side of the small green rubber ball less than the number of purple shiny cylinders that are behind the cyan shiny block?
There is a purple thing that is behind the tiny cylinder; what is it made of?
There is a ball that is both behind the shiny cylinder and in front of the green object; what color is it?
Is the number of tiny objects in front of the small matte cylinder greater than the number of large gray cubes?
What is the material of the small object right of the big shiny cylinder?
What is the color of the small metallic object that is the same shape as the large gray object?
What number of big rubber spheres have the same color as the metallic cylinder?
Is the size of the sphere right of the big sphere the same as the cylinder behind the big gray sphere?
There is a red cylinder; does it have the same size as the matte thing that is left of the small brown cylinder?
What is the size of the gray matte object?
There is a sphere that is made of the same material as the large red cylinder; what color is it?
What number of yellow things have the same material as the brown object?
What number of things are tiny rubber cylinders or tiny things to the right of the metal cylinder?
Does the red shiny object have the same shape as the big green thing?
There is a block that is in front of the metal block; does it have the same size as the rubber block that is on the left side of the tiny gray metallic cylinder?
There is a object that is made of the same material as the tiny gray cylinder; what is its size?
Are there any cubes of the same color as the small metallic object?
There is a yellow ball; is its size the same as the gray rubber object that is behind the tiny cylinder?
How many matte things are right of the matte cube that is to the left of the small gray matte cube that is behind the large red shiny thing?
There is a metal block; are there any tiny cylinders on the right side of it?
There is a large red metallic object; what shape is it?
What shape is the tiny rubber thing that is left of the tiny rubber cube behind the tiny cube in front of the large red metallic object?
How many other things are the same shape as the yellow rubber object?
There is a big blue metallic cube; are there any tiny things to the right of it?
What number of other small yellow objects are the same shape as the metal thing?
The big thing that is to the left of the big object that is in front of the rubber object left of the big rubber thing is what color?
Are the large object that is behind the big blue shiny thing and the large thing that is in front of the small yellow sphere made of the same material?
How many objects are objects on the right side of the red thing or tiny brown metallic balls?
How many things are either yellow blocks or big objects in front of the big red rubber object?
How many yellow matte balls have the same size as the shiny cube?
Is the number of large red matte balls that are in front of the large blue shiny object less than the number of tiny matte things that are behind the yellow rubber ball?
How many rubber things are gray spheres or cubes?
There is a small yellow object; what shape is it?
There is a large purple thing that is the same shape as the cyan thing; what is its material?
There is a cylinder that is made of the same material as the green ball; what is its size?
Does the yellow object have the same shape as the large green object?
How many small yellow objects have the same shape as the big matte object?
There is a object that is behind the large block that is to the left of the purple cube; what size is it?
What number of purple things are either small objects or rubber things?
Is the number of big purple blocks that are left of the red object less than the number of yellow objects behind the large green metallic ball?
Is the size of the red thing the same as the ball in front of the cyan object?
What number of other objects are the same size as the cyan metallic object?
How many small objects are metallic spheres or cyan blocks?
How big is the gray matte cylinder that is in front of the object left of the tiny rubber ball?
How many large things are cylinders or brown things?
Does the tiny purple sphere have the same material as the tiny thing that is left of the small purple sphere?
Is the number of cyan blocks behind the gray matte cylinder greater than the number of tiny rubber blocks behind the small purple matte thing?
The tiny rubber object that is to the right of the tiny matte thing behind the tiny cyan cube is what color?
How many cylinders are tiny purple rubber objects or small cyan objects?
How many small objects are both to the right of the small purple object and behind the gray matte object?
The object that is behind the cyan matte cube is what color?
There is a small cyan thing that is in front of the purple ball; what number of tiny matte cylinders are on the left side of it?
There is a small purple matte object; what number of matte cylinders are behind it?
How many other big purple objects are the same material as the purple thing?
Are there more tiny objects than small cubes?
What number of shiny objects are behind the small metal cylinder right of the tiny red shiny cube?
What number of things are tiny metallic cylinders in front of the small cyan metal cylinder or tiny gray cylinders?
Is there another purple rubber thing that has the same shape as the large purple object?
What shape is the object in front of the shiny cylinder that is to the right of the cyan cylinder?
How many cylinders are either shiny objects or small cyan shiny things?
Is the shape of the object in front of the gray metal thing the same as the metal thing that is on the right side of the large rubber cube?
The object that is in front of the cyan cylinder and behind the big purple block is what color?
There is a big rubber block; is it the same color as the tiny metal cylinder to the right of the tiny cube?
What is the shape of the metal object that is the same color as the matte cylinder?
What number of other things are there of the same material as the gray object
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the large matte thing?
What is the color of the tiny metallic thing that is behind the cube to the right of the metallic cube that is to the right of the green metallic cylinder?
There is a shiny object that is both on the left side of the cyan metallic cylinder and behind the tiny cyan matte cylinder; what shape is it?
Are there any other things that are the same size as the blue rubber object?
What color is the tiny sphere that is behind the blue ball on the left side of the small red shiny object?
There is a rubber thing on the left side of the rubber object that is in front of the shiny cube to the right of the large shiny object; what is its shape?
There is a object that is both on the left side of the big green cylinder and on the right side of the tiny blue sphere; what is its size?
How many tiny matte cylinders are the same color as the small shiny cylinder?
Is there anything else that has the same size as the green cylinder?
The big cube that is to the right of the large rubber object that is behind the big yellow rubber ball is made of what material?
How many rubber objects are yellow balls or blocks?
The other metal object that is the same shape as the purple thing is what color?
How many large matte things are the same color as the big cylinder?
There is a large metallic block that is to the right of the green matte cylinder; is there a shiny object behind it?
How many matte objects are both to the right of the big purple block and left of the matte sphere?
What number of yellow spheres are made of the same material as the large purple object?
There is a thing on the left side of the large metallic block that is to the left of the large gray metal block; how big is it?
Is there a purple metal object that has the same shape as the gray metallic object?
There is another tiny thing that is the same material as the purple object; what color is it?
Is the color of the big thing behind the tiny yellow cube the same as the matte block in front of the big purple object?
Are there more yellow matte things that are on the left side of the tiny yellow matte cube than large objects right of the purple matte thing?
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the large purple rubber object?
There is a purple matte thing; is it the same shape as the big yellow object in front of the big purple object?
What number of other things are there of the same material as the purple cylinder
Do the large rubber cylinder and the big thing that is in front of the cylinder have the same color?
There is a big block that is behind the tiny block; what is its material?
Are there any other cylinders that have the same color as the cylinder?
What number of tiny objects are either purple cylinders or yellow objects?
There is a object that is the same color as the metallic block; what is it made of?
The blue thing that is the same size as the yellow cube is what shape?
There is a object that is on the right side of the cylinder; what color is it?
Is there a small rubber thing behind the cube behind the tiny gray matte object?
How many things are cubes that are to the right of the small block or big blue metallic cylinders?
Is there anything else that has the same size as the yellow cube?
The red cube that is behind the large thing that is behind the yellow thing is made of what material?
Is the number of shiny cubes that are behind the large red thing the same as the number of matte blocks that are in front of the small red thing?
How many things are cubes to the right of the large shiny cylinder or cubes in front of the red matte cube?
There is a block that is in front of the tiny red rubber cube and behind the large yellow block; what is its material?
Does the shiny cube have the same color as the large rubber sphere?
There is a object that is behind the brown thing and in front of the purple cube; what is its size?
The object that is right of the brown shiny object and in front of the purple block is what color?
Are there fewer big rubber blocks in front of the purple cube than large rubber blocks that are left of the red shiny thing?
What number of other large matte things are the same shape as the purple rubber object?
What size is the red sphere that is made of the same material as the purple block?
What color is the big metallic thing that is in front of the shiny object that is to the right of the big purple rubber block?
There is a red metal object; is it the same shape as the big rubber object that is behind the brown shiny ball?
How many purple shiny blocks are the same size as the brown ball?
There is a red thing that is the same shape as the purple matte object; what is its material?
Is the block made of the same material as the object behind the green shiny cylinder?
What is the shape of the object that is to the left of the large green thing and on the right side of the metal object?
How many other objects are there of the same color as the tiny metallic object?
There is a small green metallic thing; what shape is it?
There is a rubber thing that is to the right of the green matte object that is to the left of the large green matte block; what is its color?
Is the color of the big thing the same as the rubber object that is to the left of the large green matte cube?
There is a object that is behind the big green object and on the right side of the tiny green metal cylinder; what material is it made of?
Are there any rubber cubes of the same size as the green metal object?
There is a object that is the same size as the green rubber cylinder; what material is it?
What number of green shiny cylinders are to the left of the shiny object?
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the gray object?
What number of gray things have the same size as the cube?
What number of objects are in front of the large object?
What material is the object that is to the left of the small rubber object that is to the left of the small blue matte cylinder?
There is a brown sphere that is made of the same material as the small cylinder; what is its size?
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the small rubber cylinder?
The rubber cylinder that is behind the tiny blue object is what color?
Is there a gray thing that is to the left of the small matte object that is behind the small matte thing that is in front of the tiny cylinder?
Is the number of objects to the right of the rubber sphere greater than the number of small things?
There is a thing on the left side of the tiny matte ball; is its shape the same as the brown object?
Is the yellow object made of the same material as the tiny red object?
There is a rubber block that is in front of the large block; is it the same size as the shiny thing that is in front of the tiny brown rubber thing?
Is the number of gray rubber objects less than the number of tiny blue spheres?
What number of rubber objects are either brown blocks or cylinders?
Is there a green rubber block to the right of the big matte object that is right of the big purple cylinder?
Is the big ball that is behind the large shiny sphere made of the same material as the green object?
How many other things are the same color as the rubber sphere?
Do the cylinder and the big rubber sphere have the same color?
There is a metallic thing that is behind the tiny matte cube to the left of the small green rubber object; what is its size?
Are the tiny object in front of the yellow shiny block and the big purple thing that is to the right of the large purple matte thing made of the same material?
The cube that is the same color as the large rubber cylinder is what size?
Are there any big purple cylinders made of the same material as the small green ball?
Are there the same number of tiny spheres that are right of the cyan block and big yellow cubes that are in front of the big yellow matte object?
How big is the rubber thing that is to the left of the tiny green sphere?
There is a green thing that is in front of the small rubber object to the left of the rubber cylinder; what is its material?
There is a small matte cube on the right side of the big cyan object to the left of the small rubber block; what number of purple metallic objects are on the right side of it?
Is the material of the block that is left of the small red rubber cube the same as the green thing right of the tiny rubber cube?
What material is the big cylinder that is the same color as the shiny sphere?
What number of small red rubber things are the same shape as the tiny cyan object?
Is the number of large cyan matte cylinders to the left of the big green object greater than the number of big red metallic blocks?
What is the sphere that is both on the right side of the yellow sphere and behind the large purple matte ball made of?
What number of purple spheres are the same size as the brown shiny thing?
The ball behind the large object to the right of the big purple rubber thing is what color?
Are there any big brown shiny things?
Is the shape of the purple thing the same as the tiny gray rubber object?
How many brown metallic cylinders are behind the gray matte thing that is left of the big cylinder?
How many balls are both in front of the gray ball and behind the big purple matte thing?
How many things are green metallic cubes or small rubber balls in front of the shiny cylinder?
The purple thing that is the same material as the small gray thing is what size?
What is the shape of the rubber object that is right of the small object that is to the right of the small yellow thing?
What material is the cylinder that is behind the large matte cylinder to the left of the green matte cylinder made of?
What is the material of the object that is both to the right of the big red thing and behind the gray ball?
Are there any red objects of the same shape as the green metal thing?
There is a cylinder left of the green cylinder; are there any large matte cylinders that are on the right side of it?
What number of big red blocks have the same material as the purple cylinder?
Are any green cubes visible?
How many small matte objects are the same color as the large metal sphere?
Is the small gray object made of the same material as the large green object that is to the left of the brown metallic thing?
Is the number of large rubber objects that are on the left side of the large yellow rubber sphere greater than the number of large brown shiny things?
Is there anything else that is the same size as the gray sphere?
How many metal objects are either tiny balls or blue objects?
The shiny object that is both behind the tiny rubber thing and to the left of the large block is what color?
There is a metal ball behind the red sphere; does it have the same size as the red metal block?
How many things are red metal objects that are behind the tiny red thing or small cyan cubes?
Is there another matte cylinder of the same size as the blue matte cylinder?
There is a cube that is the same size as the green metallic object; what is it made of?
There is a shiny object that is both to the left of the big red metal cube and behind the small red metallic sphere; what is its shape?
The sphere in front of the red cube is what color?
How big is the object that is in front of the cube and behind the small ball?
Are the small red ball and the small object on the left side of the tiny red object made of the same material?
What is the material of the large purple object that is the same shape as the small blue object?
There is a cyan thing that is the same size as the red metallic object; what material is it?
How many big shiny cylinders are there?
There is a rubber block on the left side of the cyan ball; what is its size?
Are there the same number of red cylinders that are right of the tiny blue object and big purple cubes?
Are there any other big objects of the same shape as the red metallic object?
What is the shape of the matte object that is in front of the tiny blue matte thing and behind the cyan sphere?
Does the big blue object have the same material as the blue cube on the left side of the large cyan matte object?
There is a red metal cylinder; are there any big cyan rubber objects in front of it?
How many objects are either purple shiny cubes or purple shiny objects that are in front of the big purple metal cylinder?
What is the material of the large blue thing that is behind the blue metallic block that is behind the cyan object that is left of the big cyan ball?
What is the shape of the large metallic object that is in front of the tiny blue rubber sphere?
There is a blue thing that is the same material as the small blue block; what size is it?
What number of other things have the same shape as the big green metallic thing?
There is a big matte thing to the right of the cyan ball; is it the same color as the small shiny object?
How many blue cylinders are in front of the large shiny sphere that is right of the large blue matte block in front of the tiny blue metallic thing?
How many tiny blue things are to the left of the blue matte sphere and behind the tiny metallic thing?
What shape is the metal object that is the same color as the tiny cube?
Do the tiny blue cube and the cylinder have the same material?
What is the shape of the small blue matte thing on the right side of the tiny blue thing that is left of the big blue cube in front of the blue cylinder?
